e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\IdentityServer.deps.json
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\IdentityServer.runtimeconfig.json
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\IdentityServer.runtimeconfig.dev.json
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\IdentityServer.dll
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\IdentityServer.pdb
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Configuration.dll
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.dll
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Xml.dll
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Security.dll
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Core.dll
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Data.SqlXml.dll
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Numerics.dll
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Configuration.xml
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.xml
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Xml.xml
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Security.xml
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Core.xml
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Data.SqlXml.xml
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\System.Numerics.xml
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\IdentityServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\IdentityServer.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\IdentityServer.dll
e:\Users\Sander\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FletNix\IdentityServer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\IdentityServer.pdb
